January 16th Meeting Notes:
Discussed work already completed
Added everyone as Github collaborator
Discussed implementation of item storage
Making items scalable, finding assets
Discussed controls for item pickup
Discussed implementation of potential controller support
Discussed camera controls
Discussed division of labor
To work on during the week:
Haroon:  Main Menu ui
Timur: Hud, Sounds, Music
Toby: Placeholders, lighting, item lists
Zack: Vehicle Control
Grace: Arm control
